## Code of conduct

**Diversity and Inclusion**: Students are expected to treat each other with respect and to give due consideration to each other's stances and positions. Discrimination of any kind will not be tolerated, along the lines of gender identity, sexuality, disability, generational status, socioeconomic status, ethnicity, race, religion, national origin, culture, or otherwise. Please see the UChicago [Commitment on Diversity](https://diversityandinclusion.uchicago.edu/commitment/). Additionally, we are committed to providing equitable access to education at UChicago. Students who have been approved for academic accommodations through [Student Disability Services (SDS)](https://disabilities.uchicago.edu/) should follow the procedures established by SDS for using accommodations. Regardless of identity or status with SDS, students with concerns or questions about issues of diversity and inclusion should email the instructor.

**Academic Integrity**: We take academic honesty very seriously in this class. Students must be in class to receive participation points for quizes, and any efforts to collaborate with classmates to subvert this attendance mechanism are an academic honesty violation. Further, students must not collaborate or copy from outside sources on non-collaborative work such as assignments and the project. Collaboration is allowed on *exercises only*, but students must turn in their own copy of the work as instructed. Students are not permitted to use automated assistants such as *ChatGPT* or *GitHub CoPilot* to do their coursework for them (see above), and misrepresenting AI-generated content as student work is an academic honesty violation. Additionally, students should be aware of the UChicago policy on [Academic Honesty and Plagiarism](https://studentmanual.uchicago.edu/academic-policies/academic-honesty-plagiarism/). The gist of academic integrity is that you should always do and submit your own work.

**Sexual Misconduct**: Title IX prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex, including sexual assault, sexual abuse, sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, and stalking. Sexual misconduct is completely unacceptable at UChicago (and anywhere else), including any interactions that occur related to this course. For related resources, please see the UChicago website about [Title IX and Sexual Misconduct](https://equalopportunityprograms.uchicago.edu/title-ix-and-university-policy/). Students seeking help or guidance related to an incident of sexual misconduct will be supported. Students should be aware that, in certain situations, the University may have an institutional obligation to respond to a report of sexual misconduct and that, as a faculty member, *your instructor is required by Title IX and the University of Chicago to report incidents of sexual misconduct*, even if students request to keep the information confidential. If you would like to speak to someone confidentially about an incident of sexual misconduct, please see the University's [Confidential Resources](https://equalopportunityprograms.uchicago.edu/confidential-resources/).

**Student Health and Wellness**: Student's mental and physical health are of primary importance both for reasons of common human dignity and to create a suitable learning environment at UChicago. If you or someone you know needs or might benefit from mental health services, please consider reaching out to [UChicago Student Wellness](https://wellness.uchicago.edu/mental-health/), whose services do not come at any additional cost to students.

**If you are sick, please do not come to class or in-person office hours.** If you need to miss class because of an illness, please email your instructor. Students who have been exposed to or who are experiencing symptoms of COVID-19 should contact [UChicago Student Wellness](https://wellness.uchicago.edu/) to be tested. Other public health concerns should be directed to [UCAIR](https://ucair.uchicago.edu/). If there is an emergency, please call 773-702-8181 or dial 123 on any campus phone, or call 911 for emergency response.

**Attendance and Participation**: DATA 23700 is 100% in-person. However, if students need to miss class for some reason, they will be able to access lecture slides on Canvas, and they are encouraged to ask peers to share notes from the missed class. With a few expections on days when we do exercises in a flipped classroom, lectures will not be recorded. The instructor and TAs are happy to discuss what was missed during office hours. Please do not email the instructional staff with requests for a summary of missed lectures; we will tell you to ask a peer for notes and/or visit us at office hours. *Students who miss an in-class exercise are still expected to turn that exercise in for credit. Missed quizes cannot be made up.*